a good morning we are good
johann tanja and my little nico
from le mans and for those themselves
we remember or do not remember
have made a bet in may
renault of worldsoft we appear to
Typed 17 november and he like everyone
now knows and we lost and
That's why there is a debt-paying honor
are we here today in this
nice piece of beach around our
to redeem the bet and which consists
as announced at that time from a day well
but knows hard constant pc games
music then you can as long as
the name of the frame for me they are
a smoothie 23 hands from the coffin or
Do you have your birthday?
whole play the funny if the whole
scooter turns left
in the running step
as a result of new best friend
so they understand me
hello to colleague rubber hello rubber
the number three is in the
vocal break or what do you say hello
colleague rubber rubber countries out so
colleague rubber the g2 not good
a bit of trouble with the air
that's why they are responsible
that our colleague did the crime well
survives that means they will be around
take care of him and take him everywhere
take with you wherever you go
I think I'm crazy who was there
I saw this internet exists since
over 20 years
and then just come sager video maker
board i believe i will be happy if you are happy
or about the malheur with the obstacle
be once in the push-up forward
main 11 12
that's probably 335 again
O
and 3
Mr. dear spectator of the buffed
spectator ma spectator reader we have
hereby our cash settled
I hope you are satisfied we have
our best was fun
if he likes that we enjoy it
I did not know I'm comfortable
I'm surprised about the pc games
did not think that so much power
in you is not in all but yes
the big part of you has really
well beaten
the next time my number at that
maybe with the john
gets a bit of fitness is yes
After all, soon dad is there anyway
give a nice gas
well done well done thank you
see us at the next wager
dance will not give except our boss
comes back with a crazy idea
the corner makes you feel good